I didn't expect it.
You old monster is still alive
Hahahaha
You inmates
Nature can't be clear
This is against God's will
against nature
You will be damned
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Hahaha
Ah!
Scourge
Hahahahaha
I can live to this day
Don't you think God has blessed me?
Humph
Today is your driver's death
Dare to be presumptuous
I'll give it back to you when you die
Stop
Said how are you
Lu Ban Xiaoyong
I'm fine.
It's just that this old monster has lived too long
You have to be careful
Uncle, don't worry.
Who gave you the courage?
Can say this
Bai Menglan, I really guessed right
You really have become a member of the Han family
Why are you afraid?
Let me tell you something.
It's too late.
From the moment you step into these chambers
Your fate is already sealed
Are you now?
There's only one way
That is death
Blue Dream Blue
You do this every time.
Every time you feel like you've won
But which time
You had won.